regexp func: Allow regexp literal as first argument (#4158)
brimdata/zed: docs/language/functions/regexp.md

### Synopsis

```
regexp(re: string|regexp, s: string) -> any
```
### Description
The _regexp_ function returns an array of strings holding the text
of the left most match of the regular expression `re`, which can be either

> a string value or [regular expression](https://zed.brimdata.io/docs/next/language/overview#711-regular-expressions),

Reviewer: The link in glob.md looks like this.
```suggestion
a string value or a [regular expression](../overview.md#711-regular-expressions),
```

Author: Oh, shoot that's right.

Regexp returns an array of the match and its subexpressions:
```mdtest-command

> echo '"seafood fool friend"' | zq -z 'yield regexp(/foo(.?) (\w+) fr.*/, this)' -

Reviewer: We should update the synopsis and description, too.
